README.md, before:

Select text inside a link like Opera
====================================
Disable link dragging and select text.

Info
----
With this script, Firefox can select text inside a link instead of dragging them around if the cursor moved horizontally.

![](https://i.imgur.com/f7TgRur.png)
![](https://i.imgur.com/NSqXG5n.png)


Changelog
---------
* Version 4.0.6 (Nov 12, 2014)
	- Fix: Unable to click links after selecting.
* Version 4.0.5 (Nov 11, 2014)
	- Fix: Unable to drag image.
* Version 4.0.4 (Oct 30, 2014)
	- Fix: Unable to drag selected text.
* Version 4.0.3 (Oct 19, 2014)
	- Cleanup some old code.
	- Add a new method to detect dragging direction.
* Version 4.0.2 (Oct 19, 2014)
	- Fix: Prevent click event when selecting.
* Version 4.0.1
	- Fix: Position calculating bug.
* Version 4.0 (Sep 29, 2014)
	- Now the script will only work if you drag horizontally.
* Version 3.0.1 (Aug 17, 2014)
	- Change the timing of uninit. Will uninit each time mouseup.
* Version 3.0 (Aug 17, 2014)
	- Rewrite with my coding style.

Commit message:

Add chrome support. But it acted weird cause chrome would only fire drag event if mouse move over a specific distance

README.md, after:

Select text inside a link like Opera
====================================
Disable link dragging and select text.

Info
----
With this script, you can select text inside of a link instead of dragging them around if the cursor moved horizontally.

Support Firefox and Chrome.

![](https://i.imgur.com/f7TgRur.png)
![](https://i.imgur.com/NSqXG5n.png)


Changelog
---------
* Version 4.0.7 (Nov 17, 2014)
	- Support Chrome!
* Version 4.0.6 (Nov 12, 2014)
	- Fix: Unable to click links after selecting.
* Version 4.0.5 (Nov 11, 2014)
	- Fix: Unable to drag image.
* Version 4.0.4 (Oct 30, 2014)
	- Fix: Unable to drag selected text.
* Version 4.0.3 (Oct 19, 2014)
	- Cleanup some old code.
	- Add a new method to detect dragging direction.
* Version 4.0.2 (Oct 19, 2014)
	- Fix: Prevent click event when selecting.
* Version 4.0.1
	- Fix: Position calculating bug.
* Version 4.0 (Sep 29, 2014)
	- Now the script will only work if you drag horizontally.
* Version 3.0.1 (Aug 17, 2014)
	- Change the timing of uninit. Will uninit each time mouseup.
* Version 3.0 (Aug 17, 2014)
	- Rewrite with my coding style.
